the lang the large rang language models
will build it and so someone just needs
to come up with so who knows what it is
will be I don't know how long it's going
to take but we're in we're in the next
couple of months someone is going to
produce another earthshaking programming
languages that has nothing to do with
people uh and everyone just is going to
focus on building these abstracted
layers down to machine code and so
that's what you're going to be building
I don't know how you'll test it I don't
know how you'll know if it's right. I
don't know how if you'll know if it's
like mining Bitcoin at the same time of
doing all these other things. I don't
know. I just don't know what the agent's
going to do.
At some point you're going to have to
figure out
there's a there's a whole ethical